README.md, before:

# noshowappointments-kagglev2-may-2016
## by HAMZAT ABDULRAHMAN

## Dataset
This dataset shows the appointmentID, patientID, gender, schedule and appointment days,as well as the medical issues of over a hundred and ten thousand patients. The information is collected from medical appointments in Brazil,and is focused on whether or not patients show up for their appointment.
This dataset is available for download on Kaggle [here]( https://www.kaggle.com/joniarroba/noshowappointments) .

## Summary of findings
1. The result of my findings showed that more females than males actually missed, and not missed their medical appointments. We can say gender is not a predicting factor, however, there are limitations to my research,thus this result is not sufficient to strongly say that gender is truly not a depending factor for the no-show responses.

2. I also checked if medical issues are also a depending factor for no-show response received from patients. The result of my findings shows that there are much higher number of hypertensive and diabetic patients who didn't miss their medical appointment.
 Due to the limitations in my findings, there are not enough evidences for me to strongly state that these medical issues(Hypertension and Diabetes) are actually enough to predict the no-show responses observed from the patients in the dataset.

Commit message:

docs: Update README.md file
The README file was updated to include one additional point in
summary of findings, and to include a section for key insights
for presentation.

README.md, after:

# noshowappointments-kagglev2-may-2016
## by HAMZAT ABDULRAHMAN

## Dataset
This dataset shows the appointmentID, patientID, gender, schedule and appointment days,as well as the medical issues of over a hundred and ten thousand patients. The information is collected from medical appointments in Brazil,and is focused on whether or not patients show up for their appointment.
This dataset is available for download on Kaggle [here]( https://www.kaggle.com/joniarroba/noshowappointments) .

## Summary of findings
1. Suprisingly, those who didn't receive SMS showed up on their appointment day more than those who did.

2. The result of my findings showed that more females than males actually missed, and not missed their medical appointments. We can say gender is not a predicting factor, however, there are limitations to my research,thus this result is not sufficient to strongly say that gender is truly not a depending factor for the no-show responses.

3. I also checked if medical issues are also a depending factor for no-show response received from patients. The result of my findings shows that there are much higher number of hypertensive and diabetic patients who didn't miss their medical appointment.
 Due to the limitations in my findings, there are not enough evidences for me to strongly state that these medical issues(Hypertension and Diabetes) are actually enough to predict the no-show responses observed from the patients in the dataset.

## Key Insights for presentation
I introduced first the relationship between sms received and no-show response for appointment. Next, I showed the relationship between gender; medical issue (diabetes and hypertension), all against the no-show response received from patients at the hospital.
